I'm going for the second edition that I'm
listening the cover is loaded eh
simple eh laada It's very cool magic
it's very cool a painting that they
gave me last year for my birthday
and it's my life reflected it's
me dancing it's barri Cool this one is that it's
cut because it didn't fit but there's
also Tina Tner there's my brother Well
there's my brother who had never
published a photo of him with me he was my
teacher Yes he was my
teacher Hey but then you guys
have like a lot of relationship no And how was it he
was wonderful I loved it you see it made me
very sad when Well I mean not next to
you obviously not but yes yes yes yes And
also never Yes yes yes he always said he
always said that you shouldn't dedicate yourself
to the press of the heart it's cocola because
Kiko says that I drink when I work
Hey Kiko Kiko What's the most I mean within
the book that obviously you will have
also gone through emotional stages not
ups and downs because remembering
is also opening up I mean eh No,
during the book I cried a
lot I laughed a lot but the
henia chapter  and then let's see sáme there are people
who tell me that I have eh
stockholm syndrome but I think that sáme has
been my co lauden in a career I think
that what we know those of us who have been
on salva half of television
nobody knows it is true moving around a set
for me is like going barefoot Even though I wear high
heels it has been my cul lauden and we have
learned a lot we have learned to
do an acting in a moment going to the
bathroom and there is a camera and And
now I see little movement in it yes it
is more static more more more linear
more crossing the leg and looking at each other and there is no
emotion there is no emotion more bear there is no
emotion I no longer it is that it gave me but
Lidia but regarding Yenia that
has come back to you knowing that it is an issue that for
some in one way or another it does not
end up going away in your life or because they have not
let you for whatever reason which by the way
A couple of years ago or three because with
Albano I always had a good
relationship he was one of those who spoke with him and
then he published it because he had access to
him And such But yes I do not  Albano
look how at the end Time passes
he continues with his thoughts and such I don't
know why I haven't been able to read the
whole book the the the space that
you give to that subject in the book because it has been a
part of you it has hurt you a lot
What I felt everything that I felt for
that for that and
I Allow me Marina but I already closed or
rather I said that writing the chapter
in the book already closed a part of my
life knowing what I read it Yes yes Look, the day
before yesterday quite
late I saw that they were talking to Albano who
was the day before yesterday it would have been 52 years in and
such I saw it
but I no longer felt that of
you I understand the family I understand
what Romina was saying I understand everything and
already of course
I don't understand why
someone because we all make mistakes
obviously whatever it is that you
explained was a mistake But why does
this matter haunt someone for so many years in a way that makes them
suffer and doesn't let them move forward what I
criticize Albano for is that every time there is
news about his
Missing daughter, don't mess with the
journalist who publishes it, otherwise it will end
and the
confidentialities, of course, not the journalist
who said that he is In a convent that
is I don't know where, how about he doesn't attack
the people who talk about it, but he
talks about me again, then I say, man, yeah, yeah, yeah,
all the television dishes,
yeah, yeah, and that's it, it weighs more, it's like it weighs
more or always puts more emphasis on an
error than in all the 800 good things
that you do throughout your career, not in
the media world, well, let's see, mine
was very strong and very heavy at the time,
yes, but I see that someone sat in
the light and said, shut up, you screwed up
with the dysenia, it was the weapon
against you, but it arrived. Look, the
first time it affects you, the second time, okay, the
third time, you have nothing to say against
me. And then, well, I was passing by,
guys, I'm going to stay like Ángel
Garón, 14 hours, we have abused you a
little, seen that I have seen the interview
because I am a professional.
Hey, let's eat here, Marina, you know, I have to,
for God's sake, we have entertained you, no
no delighted but I can't stay
here to live like with Ángel Gar
you were two
hours good professional and
stay here Marina knows that I have to
go here is your house and the doors
open where can people buy the
book? Oh everywhere they told me that it
was finishing at El Corte Inglés
in all the bookstores in all and online
too on Amazon and yours
Amazon We will be
putting in the fixed comment here it's
great to give away
what Javi you have frozen I have
frozen cut no no what I say that I will be
putting in the fixed comment
a link so that people can buy the
book Oh thank you so much guys Hey it has
been a pleasure I say the same thank you
so much for talking about my
book
Lumbral Thank you so much for being
here Lidia from the heart for being so
generous and such an interview Thank you so much
Marina that I have to go
Well can you believe it can you believe
that I was wrong and I haven't
recorded it what a blunder
Oh I love it you haven't recorded it Well
but we can discuss it no
Marina I mean we can no Tell me tell me you're joking let's
see we can I  I agree
more or less of what we have talked about it's a
joke it's a joke but it's a joke but it's a
joke but it's not something impossible for me eh
Lidia to total it could happen it could happen
but I loved your
reaction no but you were going to say the
[ __ ] this one had me here for 2
hours to now not record no I mean I
was getting a tachycardia because
I have to go to my mother's house and
I said can't he hear you Thank you so much Lidia
Thank you so much here you have me we have been
together I know you don't have networks or anything But
for whatever you need Here is your
house F a Lozano Oh we know fans are
also wonderful fans how cool how
cool wonderful a huge kiss we'll
let you go may it go great with
the book and with everything Lidia let's go
for the fourth the fifth edition and thank you very much
and a huge kiss and the third
call me again come on I'll take you at your
word be careful I'll take you at your word be
careful but but in Direct so you do
n't play this
joke on me a kiss a kiss
bye to all your có is said listeners
not streaming có  Yes, yes, yes, audience to
your followers, you're [ __ ] awesome. Goodbye, goodbye, my
love.